---
layout: post
date:   2014-06-25
title: Day 5 - Jekyll Blogging Templates
published: true

---


I've learned a valuable lesson about making excuses because when I woke up today, I actually felt bad about skipping yesterday. Disappointed even. I chose 30 minutes a day to make it an achievable task. I'm sure I spent 30 minutes yesterday on some bullshit activity so it would have been really easy for me to do this but it was 11:15pm and I told myself that I was tired and this was supposed to be fun, not a chore. Then, I ended up tossing and turning and not getting a good sleep anyway.

Yes, this was supposed to be fun but maybe more importantly, this is a goal I'm trying to achieve and missing the mark so early actually makes me feel a little crappy but what's done is done. No more excuses.

This will be updated later with today's project! No more excuses!

---

So today's project was setting up blog posts using Jekyll's post templates. Prior to today, I was just updating the index file with daily posts but decided to take advantage of Jekyll's "blog aware" templating system.  Documentation [is here](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/posts/) for those who want to be in the know!

Eventually, I'll add some more features like prev & next links but I'm already about 1.5hrs into today's project.  I was kinda trying to make up for being a slacker yesterday but hey, I got other things to do too!  You can't really see much of the changes I've done today by looking at the site but if you really want to know, then you can see all my changes in [my github account](https://github.com/christinatruong/summer-of-me).
